Master one serious interest. Don't waste time on unrelated activities. Being the best at one thing gets you further than being good at multiple things.
You don't know in advance which chance encounter can spark a transformation in your life, but by seeking out lots of chance encounters you're increasing the probability that you'll stumble into the right one.
Pay your dues, and bigger opportunities will arise.
If you ask, you're ahead of ninety-nine percent of the population.
Having luck is important. But making extensive use of your luck is even more important.
Ignore what you think is right and go ask people who are already good. Assume you know nothing about your area of focus; make it your mission to learn from those who do.
Dedicate yourself completely to the world of that pursuit. The more you immerse yourself in the world surrounding an activity, the more success with the activity you'll experience.
If you surpass people's expectations on small projects, they will reward you with a shot at something big and interesting.
If you cannot mentally simulate the steps taken by a student to reach an accomplishment, you will experience a feeling of profound impressiveness.
You need to learn to solve problems.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
The whole point of life is to interact with the miracle of human consciousness on the deepest possible level.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
We do what we have to do so we can do what we want to do.
Think of grades/test scores as qualifying you to be considered (getting your foot in the door). Everyone has to push hard. Some have to push harder than others. If you have a small crack, you need to make a more forceful case. And sometimes, being ingenious about how you push can make all the difference.
I don't always enjoy studying for classes, but I like the feeling of having studied. I like the feeling of concrete accomplishment and the notion that each good grade or resume item might help me do what I want in the future.
School is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to learn about the universe and its inhabitants for several hours a day at no cost to you.
Being a hacker is lots of fun, but it's the kind of fun that takes lots of effort. The effort takes motivation.
That's the thing about ideas&#8212;you'll never know if it's a good idea until you make it happen.
To be a hacker, you have to get a basic thrill from solving problems, sharpening your skills, and exercising your intelligence.
Why know the ordinary when you can understand the extraordinary?
The greater the struggle, the more glorious the triumph.
He who stops being better stops being good.
Yield not to misfortunes, but advance all the more boldly against them.
Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget everything except what you're going to do now and do it.
First say to yourself what you would be, then do what you have to do.
Our lives are different to anybody else's. That's the exciting thing! Because nobody in the universe can do what we're doing.
What's the point of being alive if you're not going to at least try to do something remarkable?
If you dream big, take risks, and work extremely hard on something you're passionate about, you're in a much better position to do something great in this world.
You can't be great and normal.
We become who we are meant to be by following our desires, wherever they lead.
If you're too scared of getting hurt to do what's right, then you can't be a hero.
Stop worrying about what people think of you; mostly, they don't.
You don't have to wait to be confident. Just do it and eventually the confidence will follow.
If you don't put yourself out there, you're never going to find what you're looking for.
The biggest risk is never taking any.
Fortune favors the bold.
You can handle anything in the moment. It's our fear of what might happen that undoes us.
It's okay to not know. It's okay to not know what's wrong, it's okay to be caught up in the littlest of things that shouldn't bother you, but they do and it's okay. It's okay to be confused and have mixed feelings about everything and it's okay to not be able to put your thoughts into words. It's okay to fall, because someone will always be there to catch you.
Falling is scary, but good practice for life. We must fall; in love, out of love, into new experiences, out of old habits, deeper and further into ourselves. We must fall. Life is falling ever forward. The only choice we have is how we let go.
Happiness and fulfillment are really important and rarely taken seriously enough.
I know you're tired, I know you're physically and emotionally drained. But you have to keep going.
Be extra rigorous about making the best possible thing you can. Find everything that's wrong with it and fix it.
The world is full of fascinating problems waiting to be solved.
Keep yourself educated, and never stop learning.
Do something today your future self will thank you for.
I may not be there yet, but I'm closer than I was yesterday.
If your dream is a big dream, and if you want your life to work on the high level that you say you do, there's no way around doing the work it takes to get you there.
Whenever I feel weak, I remember those who make me strong, and whenever I start to doubt myself, I remember those who believe in me.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and focus on what could go right.
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up. But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength, and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.
If I work hard at it, I'll be where I want to be.
Create a vision that makes you wanna jump out of bed in the morning.
You're going to get through this.
I'm not giving up, I'm just starting over.
You don't need to do everything.
I refuse to be anything but successful.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
I'm going to succeed because I'm crazy enough to think I can.
Destiny is not something that happens all at once. It's something that happens only in retrospect.
Be miserable or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you're got.
How badly do you want it? Now prove it.
If you feel like you aren't able to move forward, focus on standing strong right where you are.
It's supposed to be hard. If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. The hard is what makes it great.
Don't give up what you want most for what you want now.
Read books. Care about things. Get excited. Try not to be too down on yourself. Enjoy the ever-present game of knowing.
It's a nice day! Put on your favorite clothes, a good soundtrack, and go show the world who's boss (it's you)!
One day at a time.
Don't fucking quit, because hard work and all the shit you go through will pay off.
If you do not go after what you want, you'll never have it.
If you do not ask, the answer will always be no.
If you do not move forward, you will always be in the same place.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
One of the most important keys to success is having the discipline to do what you know you should so, even when you don't feel like doing it.
Achievement =  talent + preparation.
What you do every day matters more than what you do once in a while.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
It's not how good you are, it's how good you want to be.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good.
Success is a function of persistence and doggedness and the willingness to work hard for twenty-two minutes to make sense of something that most people would give up on after thirty seconds.
Maybe you have to stop waiting for someone to come along and fix what's wrong. Maybe you have to muster the strength you have and find the courage to do this on your own. Maybe sometimes you just have to be you own hero and say "I can do this."
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Will it be easy? No. But worth it? Absolutely.
Some people dream of success; others stay awake to achieve it.
There's a difference between interest and commitment. When you're interested in something, you do it only when it's convenient. When you committed to something, you accept no excuses, only results.
Don't lose hope because you had a bad day. Thing always get worse before they get better.
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow.
Get shit done.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you finally achieve it.
I still have a long way to go, but I'm already so far from where I used to be, and I'm proud of that.
Do it now. Sometimes "later" becomes "never."
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Keep going. You are getting there.
Relax. You are enough. You do enough. Breathe deep, let go, and just live right now in the moment.
If you can't stop thinking about it, don't stop working for it.
There is only one way to succeed, and that is to give everything.
Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn't give you credit.
That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do; not that the nature of the thing itself has changed, but that our power to do it has increased.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Wake up early. Drink coffee. Work hard. Be ambitious. Keep your priorities straight, your mind right, and your head up. Do well, live well, and dress really well. Do what you love and love what you do. It is time to start living.
What is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
Self-care is not selfish or lazy. Self-care is healthy. Self-care is important. Self-care is necessary.
No one else is going to do it for you.
There are many great things ahead.
You still have plenty of time to do the things you want to do.
The key to success is to start before you're ready.
Don't worry; just care and be prepared.
Every hero has a journey and every journey has trials.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
You are helpful, and you are loved, and you are forgiven, and you are not alone.
It's easy to forget how full the world is of people, full to the bursting, and each of them imaginable and consistently misimagined.
Study hard, do good, and the good life will follow.
Repeat after me: "I can do this."
Take time to do what makes your soul happy.
Studying doesn't suck nearly as much as failing.
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
I am in charge of how I feel and today I am choosing happiness.
Make today ridiculously amazing.
I know I can do this.
It's not about how bad you want it, it's about how hard you're willing to work for it.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
Be fearful of mediocrity.
Overthinking leads to negative thoughts.
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do for you.
Stop wishing, start doing.
I needed to shift my attention away from what I was suffering from and toward what I could do about it.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day and day out.
But that's the thing about destiny: it happens whether you plan it or not.
Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can.
If you're not scared then you're not taking a chance. If you're not taking a chance then what the hell are you doing anyway?
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Never forget that on any day, you could step out the front door, and your whole life could change forever.
You are a valid, important, and beautiful being, and you should not feel bad for existing or asking for help.
Wake up every morning and tell yourself you're a badass bitch from hell and that no one can fuck with you and then don't let anybody fuck with you.
And what exactly do you think fairy tales are? They are a reminder, that our lives will get better, if we just hold on to hope. Your happy ending may not be what you expect. That is what will make it so special.
A man unwilling to fight for what he wants deserves what he gets.
I always wanted to be brave. I figured, do the brave thing, and bravery would follow.
Chin up, butter cup. Everything's gonna be okay.
I am doing things at my own pace and that's okay.
Even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there.
Good things come to those who work their asses off and never give up.
Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on but you keep going anyway.
Today was not great, but tomorrow might be!
If today, all you did was hold yourself together, I'm proud of you.
You are who you choose to be.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes, it is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow."
Computer science is beautiful because you can create something truly amazing with relatively little background experience. How long does one have to study mathematics to prove something novel? How long does one have to carefully analyze classical music to write a symphony? How long must one work at physics to be able to derive the Standard Model? In computer science, you can do powerful things very quickly. You can add true value to society with nothing but a good idea and the knowledge to program it.
No one&#8212;not rock stars, not professional athletes, not software billionaires, and not even geniuses&#8212;ever makes it alone.
There are so many things that you can't fix. But you can fix yourself.
In order to stay sane, you sometimes have to be a little selfish.
Possibilities are what make life interesting.
Set realistic goals.
Learn, and explore everything, every chance you get.
With great power comes great responsibility.
Run like hell, because you always need to.
Laugh at everything, because it's always funny.
Never be cruel and never be cowardly. And if you ever are, always make amends.
Never give up, never give in.
Hate is always foolish, and love is always wise.
Always try to be nice and never fail to be kind.
The world is full of endless wonder.
You are heading in the right direction, no matter how often you forget.
Don't give so much of yourself to people who will not do the same for you.
Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.
The most successful people are fueled by meaningful relationships, the exploration of big ideas, a desire to serve others, and the satisfaction of creation.
Opening up to others might make you more vulnerable, but it's also the only way to give your life any value.
Be hard on ideas, but soft on people.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Do not lie to yourself about the nobility of a decision. It matters more to be correct than to pretend yourself deep.
It does not harm the mystery to know a little more about it.
There is a single light of science, and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere.
Nothing and no one can be great unless it costs you something.
Being bold and being innovative go hand in hand.
You can't always be the good guy.
Scientific discovery starts with bold ideas.
You can't get what you want by denying someone else what they need.
If you shoot at a lot of targets, soon enough, you're bound to hit one.
Companies become famous for products/services when they solve important or common problems and are easy to understand.
Life doesn't always turn out the way you dream, and that's okay.
When you notice something that's annoyingly unfair, don't wait for someone else to fix it.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Doing the right thing for the wrong reason is still a mistake.
It seems impossible, until it isn't.
Defining systems and routines is more important than self-discipline. Self-discipline is overrated.
When you refuse to ask for help, it tells others that they shouldn't ask for help from you. That you look down on them for needing your help. It's an insult.
Supine contemplations will yield no useful results.
The universe is full of mystery&#8212;that's what makes it so fascinating.
A confident person makes everyone around them better.
People are more annoyed by duplicity than pride.
Chaging your mindset changes your life.

